16 minutes late, nice work.
No equalizer, I'm going to be on at a certain time because I'm so accurate with my predictions.
No, no, no, no, no, no, ladies and gentlemen, E.R. Carmidock, I have not seen that name
in quite some time.
Welcome to the show, E.R. Carmidock.
Kim Christie, garden variety humanoid, Steph, Katniss, Deb, what's up?
I got interrupted by a couple, rather difficult messages.
Oh, look, JC on the bike was timed out by Risa.
Oh, timeout, JC on the bike.
JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike.
It's JC on the bike, yeah.
Albert.
Well, I'm wise enough to know when a chomp needs banning, and I know just the one.
Look at round.
It's JC on the bike.
That's really my...
Who says Vader didn't study music in college?
It's my favorite endorsement.
That's actually...
That's really him.
That's...
That Z-Dog MD dressed up as Darth Vader telling JC on a bike that he's going to be banned
from his chat.
Because I was calling him out.
It was pretty funny.
Ha-ha!
He's scheduled for 16 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
This might get my...
It's embarrassing.
This might get my start-up bounce, too.
I'm not really sure how this is going to work, but we're going to do it anyway.
It's a good song, and Nathan's funerals tomorrow, I'm not going because of things.
I'm going to play some tunes to alleviate a little bit of the thing.
If you think it's a little bit cheesy because you don't like this kind of guitar music,
that's tough.
Nathan was a guitar teacher.
This was...
Yeah, anyway.
MUSIC
Doesn't it feel like we're rocking about this hard right now?
Doesn't it feel like we're kicking this much ass?
It's because we are.
MUSIC
I'm sure of it.
Oh, sorry about that.
MUSIC
Can't play this, I can't believe it.
This is Eric Johnson, Cliffs of Dover.
Even if you could play it, you probably couldn't get the tone that this guy can get.
It's pretty insane how often he's changing pedal effects and stuff in the mid-riff and stuff.
Nathan knew more about it than I did.
He could just make me appreciated a little more when I listened to it.
This guy also sings, and he's like listening to, what's that dude's name?
Oh, it's terrible.
Oh, what was his name?
Oh, no.
But he's got a really bad voice.
I'm sorry, Eric Johnson, if you're watching my stream and you're a fan.
And so when he sings, it's really like, what was that guy's name?
Oh, my gosh.
I know who I'm thinking of, and I can't think of it, but he's like this super cheesy singer.
And if you can play guitar this well, you should just not like, no.
Stevie Rayvon could sing, but you know, Eric just should play.
Anyway, just another musical start for my friend Nathan, who passed away last Sunday
from an aneurysm at 49.
It's a rather odd occurrence, but these odd occurrences are happening more and more often.
And although we can't attribute cause to any of these things because a lot of times the family
and friends and people around and everybody doesn't want to.
I think at some point the numbers are going to keep tallying up and there's going to
be a signal that's going to need to be to be rationalized and addressed.
So anyway, that's where we are right now.
We're trying to still crack the same Scooby-Doo narrative.
I really do believe that it's worth playing a song like that because I do think we are
making a lot of progress.
I think there's a lot of scrambling going on behind the scenes to try and figure out what to do
about this.
And the most likely scenario is they're going to try and absorb most of it as quickly as they possibly
can and say, oh my goodness, look at this.
It really was kind of a show.
And as long as we don't really creep all the way to questioning the actual existence of a
spreading pathogen that killed millions and millions more were saved from, I think they're
still going to have to preserve the faith.
So what I really want to do in honor of my friend is make sure that it's very clear that we
can't blame any of these people for making this choice.
No matter how good of friends we were, no matter how long that we've known each other, no matter
how long, what we've been through or how many times we've been there for each other.
The assault that was executed on us psychologically in 2020 was unprecedented.
And it was, it was preceded by years and years of programming, ladies and gentlemen, you're
not aware of it, but you were aware of it because people have made you aware of it because
at the start of the pandemic it was kind of a running joke that the Simpsons had made a
joke about pandemic potential in the boxes of Amazon that the X files had made a joke about
laboratory leaks that caused your blood to clot and that altered your genes.
And planet of the apes, the new version starts with a with a zoonosis that was created by
a laboratory leak of a Alzheimer's cure virus that was genetically created and wipes out
humanity.
And so you have been, whether you like it or not, slowly but surely given the idea that
this pandemic potential is real, that this bio weapon laboratory leak is possible, and
then with a very elaborate theater starting in 2019 at the end of that year and running up into
the start of the pandemic, there was a very coordinated effort to cash in on that, to
checkmate on that.
It cannot be underestimated how important all of these people behind the scenes were as they
seeded the worst case scenario during 2020.
And I've been trying to make that argument that, you know, we've been on this dark, long ride
for a very long time and the driver in the car has been reassuring us that everything is
going to be fine. Just don't panic. I'll get us out of this
and explaining to us along the way why we're seeing what we're seeing and what we're experiencing
means. And they have been lying to us.
And not only the driver, but the person over in the passenger seat that's telling us to be
patient and the person that's sitting next to us that's, that's pretending to also question
where are they taking us?
But in reality, the person that's in the backseat pretending to have a secret conversation
with you about the driver and the passenger is actually working with the driver and the
passenger to make you stay in the car and not panic and think that the only person you have
to worry about is the driver.
And since you first met the driver, your, your app to first trust the driver, but the, the
passenger is very charming and the person sitting next to you is obviously your friend.
That's how they've got us.
And they did that with social media because you were forced to stay home with your family
and friends. And the real question is, can we look back and see really how they did it?
Can, is it that easy? Could we just look back in a video and listen to someone tell us
succinctly the mythology that they wanted us to believe that they used to keep us in our
houses? Where would we have to go? I think around March of 2020 we would need to go to
find where this illusion of consensus was ceded.
We would have to look for a person.
And it would be crazy if it was a person that was still involved in this illusion of
consensus about a novel virus to be crazy if it was Robert Malone or, or Nurse Aaron or
if any of those were involved in ceding this in 2020.
Nurse Aaron was a little bit involved and Robert Malone was behind the scenes working
EUAs and, you know, getting the final touches on the vaccine fill and finish technologies
this kind of thing.
So he was nowhere to be found at the beginning of 2020 in the middle of 2020 the end of
2020 when the real worst case scenario needed to be ceded.
I wonder who else might have been around then though.
Remember, we needed to, we needed to convince everybody that there was a train to stop.
We needed to convince everybody that there was a train that needed stopping.
And that if we did the things that they suggested that the train would stop safely.
That was the warning. Who gave us that warning?
I found an example of one person giving us this warning.
An expert Dr. Steven Hatfield speaks out about coronavirus and COVID-19 on March 20th, 2020,
March 20th, 2020.
I think this is a pretty pertinent video to watch because, as you know,
Steven Hatfield, Hatfield caught my attention after streaming multiple times on the Tommy podcast,
which I find one of the biggest comical jokes of all of recent American history.
And so the idea that he's appeared multiple times on that podcast, along with Robert Malone,
is just, it is really just waving it in our face.
So I thought it would be good to start with this guy as a landmark.
Despite his controversial past, he's considered to be a bio-weapons expert.
Despite having a maybe PhD, but for sure a couple of masters degrees,
and at MD, he has been a pretty controversial dude in the background for a very long time.
And I don't need to go into that.
Lots of other people have.
So let's just listen to what he's got to say at the beginning of the pandemic.
And for the most part, I'm going to try to take notes because it is 43 minutes long.
I'm not going to play it fast because I think slow with Steve is the best.
So some Steve's were piling it high and deep.
Some of them were piling it really high and really deep.
Physician, virologist, and biological warfare defense specialist,
Dr. Stephen Hatfield is here to tell us everything we need to know about this new coronavirus,
COVID-19, and its intrusion into our daily lives.
Thank you for joining us, Dr. Hatfield.
As a wife, mother, and daughter of older parents, I am filled with gratitude that you have joined us today.
My privilege.
Thank you.
Can you clarify for us what the contagious period is on coronavirus,
on this new disease that the world has never seen before?
It's variable depending on the individual that's been affected.
Normally with these things, and I don't have the data to show this yet,
but normally in these things, if little kids get infected,
they secrete a lot of virus into the environment.
Now we don't know what the coronavirus yet, if this is the case.
But for an adult, you're infectious, we believe, at least 24 hours before you have any symptoms.
So you've gone to work, you're secreting live virus into the environment around you.
You go home, you're not filling all that jolly, maybe a headache,
maybe a slight sore throat.
You may even get up and go into work the next day.
And then you really start filling lousy.
In some people, they've been infectious throughout that prodromal period.
Prodromal.
Prodrom, that sounds like something that Giordano said.
So did you hear it all?
It was bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
She mentioned at the very beginning as a mom and a parent or whatever,
and the daughter of older parents, that's the first, that's the first, you know,
ooh, they've got to watch out for our old people, got to isolate or keep our old people safe.
The second thing she said was the world has never seen before, this virus that the world has never seen before.
Another one of the faith, you know, tenements, excuse me.
Little kids secrete a lot of virus into their environment.
And he said secreting live virus a few times, I noticed people in the chat also saw this.
So it's really good, it's already amazing, we're not even like one minute 37 seconds in it.
They were probably infected several days before.
You see, when you're infected, the virus has to gain a foothold in your body.
And you don't really feel it as this is starting, but once you reach a certain number of cells that are inside your body
in your nose or your airway that are infected, then of course you start, they're secreted out into the environment.
So incubation period is referring to the time you were exposed to the virus.
You either inhaled it or you touched a contaminated surface and rubbed the mucous membranes of your eye or nose or mouth.
And the time that you start to have overt symptoms.
So this is a strategy for the virus.
It's not alive, it's just a collection of proteins and nucleic acids with a fat envelope around it.
But it behaves as if it's alive, it can mutate, it can change.
It's nature's ultimate parasite.
It can't even reproduce unless it infects a human cell or an animal cell.
And hijacks its molecular machinery to make copies of itself.
I mean, that's spectacular, right? That's almost like he's reading it right out of a book.
It hijacks the cellular machinery to make copies of itself.
And so kudos to the no-virus people.
They're totally right on the idea that the infectious cycle is complete hogwash.
It's not been proven and it's not been shown.
And we have lots of consistent evidence over the years that something very different happens when these RNA species are present.
It's not alive, but it behaves like the ultimate parasite.
Do you say ultimate parasite?
It's nature's ultimate parasite.
Yeah, the ultimate parasite.
So parasite is a word that I would suggest should only be ascribed to real complex pattern integrities that we can also call species.
So again, here is where this mythology is definitely being applied, right?
This is real viral mythology that they are parasites.
And he said exposed to the virus.
He said secreted out.
He said it needs to gain a foothold.
And you say you really don't feel it.
He used the word prodrome too, so this is already laying down this idea that you're never going to know if you have it.
You don't feel it in those first couple of days, so it introduces this asymptomatic spread.
This same thing that Giordado described.
I mean, it's incredible, really.
It can't even reproduce unless it infects a human cell or an animal cell and hijacks its molecular machinery to make copies of itself.
The ultimate freeloader.
If someone in a household is diagnosed and they've already been interacting, are the members of the house already exposed based on what you just said about the contagious period?
And does isolation even make a difference at that point?
That's a good question.
Have they been exposed?
Yes, most definitely.
The whole family's been exposed.
Will they develop an actual active infection?
It's subject to a couple of other different factors.
Have the children, but you need a certain amount of virus to establish an infection.
If you've not had those number of viral particles, and it varies from virus to virus, you make it a subclinical infection.
Notice the messages that are there on the side of the screen here.
You need a certain amount of virus to be infected.
So they're really teaching the mythology right now.
They're teaching the basics so you can understand how this new cause of death works.
And this scared people into behaving the way that they behaved and to conforming to wearing masks so that everybody else looked around and saw this illusion of consensus that there was a spreading dangerous pathogen for which.
Certain countermeasures worked, including eventually an mRNA shot.
It seems to be killing a lot of people.
Body quickly fights it off, and you're immune, and you don't even know you were exposed.
But for communicability and public health, we have to assume, yeah, you've got it and you could be in what we call the incubation period.
So at that point, does isolation make a difference?
Does one member of the household need to isolate from the other members of the household?
Person to person contact.
And the way this virus works when it's created into the environment.
It's the individual's coughing.
It's released as droplets.
But some of those droplets are small particles in a size.
It's incredibly small. It behaves as a gas. It's one to five microns in diameter.
And it can stay suspended in the air for a couple hours.
If their hands were contaminated and they touch a surface, there is no three-second rule in medicine.
It's an instant viral transfer if somebody else touches that surface and then rubs their eye or their mouth.
So it's not just the patient. It's the surfaces and everything around them.
What we do if an individual's infected, it's essential that we go by and do case contact tracing.
And that is everyone in the outside world that they've come in contact with and their family at home, we quarantine them.
Wow, you're that?
And we're sure that they didn't pick up an active infection.
Jeez, come on.
Could you briefly tell us why the world needs virologists right now and how they are critical to the containment effort of coronavirus?
Well, beginning around the mid-1990s. Something unusual began happening in the world.
And this was the appearance of brand new infectious diseases that science, medicine, have never seen before.
This has been an increasing phenomena. We're now getting one to two new infections every year.
And it's a result of man's high density and expansion throughout the globe.
Here we go. It's a phenomena that's going to continue into the 21st century.
Dang, that is so incredible.
Thank you for sharing that.
We're talking about isolation in a home. What people are speaking about is actually isolating the entire household, not just one member of the house.
Here we go. What do we mean when we say isolation?
Yeah, essentially. And this is why if we don't have a test available, then we have to do it.
Is somebody writing cue cards for him right now?
That's keep them quarantined until the incubation period has had time to pass.
It looks like he's reading something.
And this is difficult for a new virus because we may not be certain just how long this incubation period is.
Some of these things can be up to a month later.
I think the coronavirus is roughly around 21 days now, if I'm not mistaken.
14, possibly as short as five to seven days sometimes for incubation.
Well, there's a number of factors. Some of these we don't really understand yet.
But until we can do testing and certify them that they haven't been exposed, then you have to keep them away from others.
Now that so many people are actually self-quarantining due to the states of emergency around the country and more and more people are ordering their supplies from Amazon.
They're groceries and how safe are we to pick up those bags and those packages off of our doorsteps?
The Simpsons episode.
As we reach out and pick up those bags and packages.
You need a certain amount of virus to infect you.
About 500 viral particles.
Oh, he knows the numbers.
He knows the number.
If that bag has been out.
500 viral particles.
500 viral particles is what you need.
So now that we have a rough idea, is it 500 infectious particles or is it 500 of all the particles or 500?
Oh my gosh.
Wow.
500 particles, he said.
He said 500 particles.
With pryons, you only need one particle.
Mark, he only need one, one, one, one particle.
You need 500 of these viruses.
I mean these are nothing compared to pryons.
Pryons, you only need one.
But these, you got to have like 500.
Come on.
Shit.
For very, very briefly, that virus is dead.
The ultraviolet light and sunlight destroys its genetic material.
It welds it together.
So it's non-functional.
Wow, it welds it together.
Being outside the body is in a natural state for any virus.
There's somebody was in the background of that room going, oh my god, he said that welds it together.
Like, oh no, he said.
It can tolerate it or airborne transmitted viruses can tolerate it for a short period of time.
But the minute the virus leaves the body, there's a lot of things that start working against it.
The oxygen in the atmosphere rusts it like it rusts metal.
It oxidizes.
I thought the fear and cleavage site made it more transmissible than any other virus in human history.
So doesn't the, doesn't the fear and cleavage site protect it from sunlight?
That's a better part of the virus.
The humidity in the hair exerts a pressure on the virus, an osmotic pressure, that makes it want to fall apart.
Wow.
So that said, some viruses are pretty good at staying alive.
This coronavirus on a non-porous surface can stay viable for up to nine days.
Wow.
Now, that's not the ideal way of transmission, the ideal way for a virus is to inhale it.
Because you're in a safe home right away.
But this has to be kept in mind, when we're nursing a patient at home, you have to take bare-air precautions and steps to ensure that the rest of the family is infected.
Would bags and packages be considered non-porous surfaces?
Holy shit.
Well, the paper's porous.
All papers are porous.
Marble.
Tabletop.
That's non-porous.
He's got a marble desk.
Plastic cutting board.
Marble desk.
He's a beast, man.
I have a marble desk.
And simple disinfection.
You can't see it, but I got a marble desk here.
It doesn't have to be fancy soap and water wool.
Oh, soap and water?
Hydrogen peroxide.
Rubbing alcohol.
Wow.
This sounds like a real like.
That people are taking in their homes actually do make a difference.
It is an audition, I think.
Yes.
Yes, ma'am.
Absolutely.
If you've got a little one that's sick, they're sort of confined to their room.
If that's even possible.
And when you go in, you have to take certain measures that you need to wear an apron.
Full-length apron.
And have flip-flops that you leave in the room and constantly wiping the surfaces down with
a disinfected Purell or an apron or alcohol.
Oh.
And you really have to take some measures.
And if you can get a mask onto the little one,
it helps to reduce the contamination.
They'll cough, but the cough doesn't get out through the mask very well.
And using the toilet.
Unfortunately, in the stool, there's a lot of virus from an infected patient.
So they need to use their own bathroom.
Oh, only rich people can get rid of the coronavirus then because if you...
If you flush the toilet, you generate a little invisible aerosol.
Oh, my gosh.
You got to have your own bathroom.
You go to the hospital and they say, well, you're not sick enough.
Take the child home.
Well, you have to make sure the rest of the family don't get infected as well.
And with little ones, they can, as you know, they can be quite difficult sometimes.
So what I would like to start seeing on TV is that purple dinosaur that's so irritating.
Wearing a mask.
Or Elmo wearing a mask because you take your kids in for their shots, the immunizations.
And they don't like masks.
They don't like doctors, you know.
And now everybody's wearing a mask.
It's scary for them.
So it's a good idea to get them used to this.
Wow.
You know, masks are fun.
Right?
Let me put one on you.
I'm sorry, but he is an eminent bioweapons expert with experience from Ebola with experience from anthrax.
This guy knows exactly the physics around a coronavirus given the cartoon drawing on the blueprint.
And this is just dark.
Everything that he said up until now, 13 minutes into this is just dark.
On the 20th of March, 2020, we just started the 15 days to slow the spread.
And this guy is contributing this.
We don't know with this virus, but we know.
He got to wear an apron and a mask and some flip-flops and sterilize everything all and disinfect everything all the time.
Kids shed a lot of virus.
I want to see Barney wearing a mask.
I want to see Elmo wearing a mask.
This is not just some guy making a judgment call based on his years of experience.
This is a bioweapons insider ceding the worst-case scenario.
The fear that why would they tell you this if it wasn't real?
Why would they tell you this if they didn't think the worst-case scenario was possible?
Why would they tell me this if I wasn't supposed to play along with this Scooby-Doo?
Now, a lot of my friends are very, very smart, but not a lot of them are biologists.
They're not going to be able to see through this.
I'm not even sure in May of 2020 that I would have seen through this.
In fact, I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have.
But this would have been proof to me that this was certainly a lab leak and they were definitely lying about it.
And in case you're wondering, Stephen Hatfield at this time said that there was absolutely no question this was not a lab leak.
This is just a natural occurrence that happens because there's too many people on the planet.
Wow!
These things have to have to happen.
We need to normalize the things that happen.
You need to normalize it.
Exactly.
And when we brought Freddie to the day, what was going to be preschool when she was four, which I guess was the,
would have been the fall of 21.
The fall of 21, we asked, you know, are they going to be wearing masks?
And she said, yeah, we all are going to wear masks.
And I said, well, what are we bringing her here for then?
She's supposed to learn how to interact with other kids and other adults and learn facial expressions and learn to speak and learn to trust another adult.
That's not going to work with masks on all the time.
And she said, no, no, they get used to it after about two weeks.
You know, they don't like it for a while, but after about two weeks, they really get used to it.
And I said, you know, they would get used to not wearing underwear on their bottoms, but wearing underwear on their heads.
If you did it for two weeks straight, they would probably all come in and take off their underwear and put it on their heads themselves.
That doesn't make it right.
And most people, skilled TV watching people who get told that this is a danger, this is what you've got to do to keep your grandparents safe.
Most TV watching people are going to do that.
And they knew that.
They've looked into the camera and said it earlier in 2009 and 2002 in 1976.
It's all about the messaging.
And so don't think for one second that this guy's improvising off of the cuff about what he thinks will happen.
This is a very careful curated list of things in order to imply that the worst case scenario is definitely possible right now.
We don't want to panic anybody, but you know, you should wear an apron when you go into your sick kid's room for the first time ever.
You should wear a mask around your child. You should wear flip flops in their room so that you don't track out the nasty.
It's an extraordinary mythology that he's laying down right now and think about who he is.
He got a $5 million settlement for being wrongfully accused of being the anthrax leaker.
But what really happened was that the FBI leaked it.
Leaked the details that they knew that he had bought Sipro or had been prescribed Sipro a few days before the anthrax leak.
And Sipro being the let's say preferred antibiotic to use against anthrax.
It was just a little weird, but his doctor said it was because he had a sinus infection.
And so the FBI put him on a list of suspects because he had access to it and he did this weird thing three days before.
And then when it got out, as far as I understand, he said that it ruined his life.
And so he sued the government and got $5 million, something like this. Look it up on Wikipedia.
I mean, at some point, we're just going to have to call a spade a spade. That sounds like a spook to me.
That sounds like a beautiful way to get a guy off and make it really, really, really awesome.
Meanwhile, Bruce Ivan's the Christian kills himself.
And now here he is years later, right where we need him, reading off cue cards that people are writing.
I don't know, we'll see. Maybe he pauses a few more times to read.
And detune him because if there's too much new things happening, the little ones, they don't know what's going on and they get scared.
He's really worried about the kids.
Wonderful advice. Thank you.
Wonderful advice.
So it is possible if we are careful to care for our loved ones without getting infected ourselves.
You can. You need some equipment. You need some common sense.
Some equipment and common sense.
You're not going to put a whole trash bag over your head.
But this disposable thing is not a good idea when everything is manufactured overseas.
Now, great steps are being taken to bring a lot of this critical stuff back to American soil.
Because essentially, it's a matter of national defense being able to handle an epidemic disease.
People are taking this extremely seriously.
Can carry the virus on your clothing and on the soles of your shoes.
Well, the soles of the shoes, especially on the clothing, if it's an aerosol droplet, once it touches the material, it'll kind of bind to the material.
So as long as you're not flapping your coat and everything, you're fine.
But the minute you come home, you need to very gently jump into something else and that needs to carefully go to the washing.
Soap and water will kill this thing right away.
I don't even know.
He said, can the virus be on my clothes and on the bottom of my shoes?
And he said, yes, on the bottom of your shoes.
Well, the soles of the shoes, especially on the clothing, if it's an aerosol droplet, once it touches the material.
Maybe the Chinese knew that it was passed on the bottom of the shoes.
And that's why at the earlier part of the pandemic, they started, like, instead of handshaking, they started to touch each other's feet so that they would pass.
It'll kind of bind to the material.
As long as you're not flapping your coat and everything, you're fine.
But the minute you come home, you need to.
Don't shake your coat, Jay, you'll get virus everywhere.
Very gently jump into something else and that needs to carefully go to the washing.
You're taking your clothes off way too fast, you're getting virus everywhere.
Will you please do that by the door?
I'm telling you, your grandma needs protecting.
The soap and water will kill this thing right away, one cycle.
And take your shoes off at the door.
Okay, very, very important.
Wow, take your shoes off at the door.
We're not removing your shoes at the door.
It's good to know that even you don't always follow the advice.
We're all in this together, aren't we?
We're all in this together.
It's worse for me because I know what's happening.
This lap of his.
In terms of our children and our little ones.
Our kids, as you were saying, it's hard to keep them indoors.
It's hard to keep them quarantine their room if they're not feeling well.
If other family members are not feeling well.
Is there a safe way to let our children play outside to play on the playgrounds to go to
the park without exposing them to the virus?
One, you can teach them.
If they touch something, disinfect their hands.
Oh my gosh.
You may get a game.
I can disinfect my hands quicker than you.
Oh, it sounds like a fun game, Uncle Stephen.
Can we play?
If they're outside, they're fine.
Again, sunlight kills this virus.
And humidity also.
It's when you're indoors in a controlled environment that's a dehumidified.
And temperature control very precisely.
No swings of temperature.
It uses like inside a hospital.
Where the virus has, you know, it's kind of a nice home to be.
So outdoors, things are a little rough.
And on the playground outdoors, stay in your distance from other classmates.
Wow.
Never touching your face while you're outside.
Don't touch the face.
And disinfecting your hands.
And give me some more of that gel.
Oh, wow.
Stay away from those adults.
You don't get away with that.
Wonderful.
The sunny days are the best.
Sunny days.
Oh, for everybody.
Everybody likes.
For all of us.
Even a big, mean guy like Steven Hetfield.
Viruses don't like sunlight.
That's fantastic information.
Thank you so much.
Vampires don't like sunlight either.
If a child does touch their face, can the virus enter through the mouth, the nose, and the
eyes?
There was a recent paper from a Chinese doctor.
And we know this is the case in influenza.
Now, it's a different virus.
But the eye is actually a major target for entry into the body.
And there's some evidence now indicating that COVID-19 virus.
That if it's on your hands and it's been a reasonable.
See, the messaging is still not tight yet because he's got somebody in his room telling him it's
the COVID-19 virus, not SARS-CoV-2 and the COVID-19 is the disease.
But they'll get it straight in a few days.
Short time frame since it was released from someone.
And you rub your eye.
And if there's enough virus, if it's heavily enough.
I was putting pepper on my fingers so that if I rubbed my eye, I would know it.
And it would train me so that I would never put my fingers in my eye again.
That was my solution for it.
But then my food was spicy all the time and it got on other places.
And so that didn't work very well.
Contaminated your hands.
Well, you just rubbed your eye.
Your eye is constantly making tears.
You don't know it, but you're constantly making tears.
And it drains through this little duck called the nasal lacrimal duck straight into your
noggin there.
Did somebody put that in the chat?
So within about 30 minutes from touching your eye.
That was pretty good.
You have live virus inside your nose.
Wow.
That's impressive.
From there it gets into the back of the throat.
And from there it gets into your lungs.
Unbelievable.
What a highway to have.
You have to have a certain amount of virus.
At 500 particles.
Touching a heavily contaminated surface.
There's enough viral particles to do.
We think about 500, 600.
Oh, it could be 600.
Viral particles are the minimum amount that it needs to cause a human infection.
Wow.
Just to make sure everybody's aware with prions, you only need one.
Just one prion protein and you could be, you know,
with coronavirus it's a little bit more.
It's between 500 and 600 particles and then you're really in trouble.
Which is good for us because some viruses like Ebola, it's only one or one to seven
viral particles can cause an infection.
Wow.
I didn't know that.
Ebola must be an infectious clone where it's really pure.
It takes about a thousand viral particles.
Who?
What?
Influenza takes about a thousand viral particles.
Wow.
I got to remember these numbers.
This is pretty cool.
One to seven.
Yeah.
And five to six hundred for coronavirus.
So coffee etiquette in public.
A thousand is very important and people don't do it.
Coffee etiquette.
I mean, you need to cough into the crook of your arm.
Oh.
Like that.
But I thought we had masks on.
You try to minimize any large droplet transmission.
You won't stop the small particles.
No.
Those are hard to bear.
But you'll stop the large part.
They're like a gas.
Staying within preferably six feet if somebody's coughing.
But definitely no closer to than three feet.
Right now I'm talking and you're talking.
But luckily you're going to call away.
And around us is a small invisible cloud of small particles.
Oh.
And if I was infected, I would be infectious to somebody if they got into that distance.
Once it diffuses out through the atmosphere and this type of thing, of course, infectivity
goes down and the longer they're in the air, the more the virus is killed.
This can probably hang around in a dehumidified indoor atmosphere for a couple hours.
A lot of these viruses can.
The flu virus, the cold virus.
Because this is how they transmit in nature.
The cold virus.
What's he talking about?
The outdoors with wind and sunlight and this type of thing.
It becomes, it's mainly contamination then through your hands and touching portals of
entry into your body.
You've mentioned that the virus doesn't like humidity and a dehumidified indoor environment
is good for a virus.
So would it be safe to say based on that, that it would be a good thing for people to get
humidifiers, to rehumidify their in-home environment?
Well, then you get mold.
Keep the windows open if you can and let air freely circulate.
Or you can get special HEPA filters, high efficiency particulate air.
And you can install these in your air conditioning system.
Or they make room units that will constantly recirculate the air in a room.
And they're a little expensive, they're like 300 bucks or so.
But it will pass the air through ultraviolet lights and essentially sterilize it before
it's released back.
So if you can manage to scrape enough together to buy one of these things, that goes in the
little kids' room.
The little kids' room.
So while they're sleeping that air is constantly being recirculated.
In the little kids' room.
To get all those viruses from those dirty kids.
Wow.
And specialists.
What is your expert opinion on how this virus started and why do you believe that?
Why do you believe it, Steven?
Okay.
Well, we've been waiting for something like this to happen.
We've been waiting since 2003.
Since 2003.
There was a previous outbreak of a coronavirus called SARS.
Oh.
It's a very acute respiratory syndrome.
Wow.
And this was the product of viruses trafficking between wild animals and gaining the ability
to jump into the human race.
Boing, boing, boing.
SARS came from a horseshoe bat, a Chinese horseshoe bat.
And it hadn't fully adapted to man.
They got into a cute little animal called a civet cat.
They're actually a mongoose-like thing.
Wow.
And a delicacy over there.
In Asia, they still, they're illegal, but they still have these wet markets.
With all these exotic animals, you can take all of them to eat.
And of course, they're all crammed together in cages.
And any viral infections they have, the viruses, is jumping.
Call of viral trafficking.
Interesting.
Because most viruses are pretty species specific.
Most of them are.
The virus in two different types of mammal.
This could have the capability to jump into humans.
And this is what you're forcing, very unnatural, civet cats and bats don't live together.
Okay?
They're not BFFs.
BFFs.
Wow.
Okay.
That is some...
So...
I'm glad he's...
He's trying to relate to her viewers.
It's nice that he's trying to relate to her viewers.
So, the virus came in, the virus came in the ability, a large amount of it jumped into
humans, and then it further adapted to be transmissible, easy from human to human.
And this is this whole concept of emerging infectious disease.
The whole concept.
Right after the SARS, the whole mythology more likely...
So the bat was found, which was different.
It was still a coronavirus.
It was related to SARS, but it had some unusual properties in tissue culture.
And then it was realized there's probably hundreds of these different coronaviruses
out there in nature.
And then it's just a question of time before we have another outbreak.
So we've been waiting for that.
Secondly, you know, I assume you're asking, is it a bio-weapon?
No.
The virus has been sequenced.
The basic skeleton of the virus can be traced back.
And mutations happen at a given rate in a virus.
And it's a molecular clock you can actually estimate and see, okay, it started out here
and it was an area sort of around Hong Kong, I believe.
And then it appeared at the wet market.
So common sense is that one of the people selling this thing took it into the wet market,
got a load of virus himself.
There was a genetic alteration when it was in the wet market.
And I think it learned to become more transmissible to it.
It learned.
It learned to become more transmissible.
So you have the case here.
It got a fear and cleavage site, baby, and started jumping.
He's carrying the original one.
And then the cases from the wet market.
Oh.
And the virus had mutated in its view.
Okay.
They said, well, this guy, you know, he lived, the hotel was a couple blocks away.
Well, the virus can, well, yeah, it could, it could go on the money.
We talked about surface contamination.
Oh, we got to get rid of cash.
These viruses can live on paper or polymer notes for quite a while.
And if they're in your pocket, they're not exposed to UV light.
Oh, no.
Makes sense?
Wow.
They're going to get rid of cash money.
So that's my explanation for this.
When you look at the genetic structure and the sequence of this virus, it is unusual.
It's got a couple of unusual things.
It's got a really long spike protein.
Oh, wow.
Younger than any of the other chronic drugs.
Longer.
It's a longer spike protein.
But there's nothing to show that it's been manipulated.
And we can trace the lineage right back to the early cases that were not in Wuhan.
Wow.
Plus this P4 laboratory, BSL4 laboratory there, the French put it in.
And there's researchers in and out of that place.
Nothing gets out of these facilities.
Let me tell you, nothing.
And that facility was like 10 or 15 kilometers away from the, it wasn't next door to the
fish market, it's clear across town.
So there's no indications that this was a bioweapon.
The fact we were expecting it, the fact that the genetic sequence, we can trace pretty
much back how this whole event happened.
And if you go back into this area where the first case was from, they found about 400
more coronaviruses down there, different.
So this is Mother Nature.
I don't think she's very happy with us.
It doesn't appear to be so.
Mother Nature is not very happy with us.
I saw the, the Mac commercial and she isn't very happy with Mac and Taj anyway, or Apple.
Thank you for that.
You were also mentioning, I believe, that this kind of illness, this coronavirus, is
not as powerful as a biological viral weapon would be.
Well, there's incapacitating biological agents that kill one to three percent that are, these
are for use on the battlefield and they're designed to slow down enemy troops.
But nobody makes the United States quit in 1969.
The other countries are all supposed to have quit.
There's a few that haven't.
No one's going to waste time and effort on an incapacitating agent.
Foreign powers that have B.W. programs more than likely are going to work.
I think that an effort on an incapacitate.
Kevin McCarron and Charles Rixie would definitely disagree with the idea that no one would waste
time on a incapacitating agent.
What an interesting choice of words there.
Wow.
That's almost like B.W. programs.
Can you believe more than likely are going to work on lethal?
It's like an incapacitating it.
That phrase was probably used.
That phrase was probably used around the same week for the first time by people like Paul
Catrell and Kevin McCarron.
At most a couple weeks before this video, I mean think about how extraordinary that
is.
Malone called it an incapacitating agent too but not in 2020 like McCarron did and like
this guy did.
Agent.
Foreign powers that have B.W. programs more than likely are going to work on lethal agents
that will overthrow an infrastructure.
But of course, Giardano explains how you don't need a lethal agent to overthrow an infrastructure.
You need the appearance of a lethal agent and then you can use the Internet and a lie
about asymptomatic transmission that might have a sore throat and a fever to get everybody
to bang down the doors and to get them to yell at the public health service and to get
everything to collapse.
That's why we show that video every day or used to show it every day.
So it's really extraordinary now if you add all these things up and you see how that they
line up and how we're talking right now, this is March 2020 when none of us knew nothing.
But we're watching it at the end of 2023 with the benefit of hindsight.
And there can be no doubt that it is the seeding of the worst case scenario that was most important
in starting the train metaphor where these people were pretending that there was something
that needed to be stopped and that they were contributing to us stopping it, that us following
their directions was contributing to us stopping it.
And these directions that he's giving us that include isolating our children as a source
of extreme viral loads is really disturbing.
You cannot see this as somebody who's, you know, from my experience with virology, I
know that children shed virus like crazy.
So when we have a new virus, we've really got to keep away from them.
Old people, you better stay away from your grandkids because they're really virus factories.
Is it safe to care for our kids when they're sick?
If you wear an apron and a mask and use flip flops and sterilize everything, yeah, it's
okay.
You can get away with it.
I just wish Barney and Elmo would wear a mask so that these kids would start to find it
normal because kids don't like to wear masks.
They find it scary.
All this new stuff.
So we've got to normalize all this stuff.
This is exactly as malevolent and wicked as it seems, ladies and gentlemen, my voice is
exactly as I don't know what as it seems.
The last couple of days it's been dropping a little bit more.
I don't know what's going on.
I wish I could say I was doing this on purpose, but I'm not.
I have to try really hard to talk up with a higher voice.
Otherwise it just drops right out.
So that's where we are.
Keep going there, Steve.
Tell us more.
Pilot higher and deeper, Steve.
The cause, the ability to trace it back to the very first cases.
The ability, it looks like this thing, a bat and a pangolin must have gone out on a date
or something.
Do you know what a pangolin is?
Yes, I do.
Really, they're creepy looking.
It's a mammal, but it has scales on the outside.
I want to get one as my comfort animal when I fly on an airplane.
I've actually studied them with my kids there a little bit if I remember correctly, like
Armadillos and ant eaters put together.
Yeah, but they've got these really scaly looking things.
There's a picture on the internet of one sitting there like waving.
They're protected.
They're endangered.
It's against the law to have them, but they're considered a delicacy in some parts of the
world.
So people are eating them and that is the suspected reason why and how it is.
It's not the eating them.
These viruses are quickly destroyed by heat, but keeping them together and cages because
they're sold live or their heads are locked off just before they give it to the customer.
Iris was not ingested by a human through eating.
It was through touching and then the person putting their hands on their face.
Holy balls, wow.
More of these animals, coffins, sneeze, too.
Pangolin coffins dropping their hands off create decapitation, aerosolized virus.
There's no ultraviolet.
Wow.
Not out in a field.
Oh, my gosh.
So this is all common things occur commonly.
You've already had examples of these live markets putting out new hybrid pathogens through
viral mixing and there's evidence that this had passed through a couple different animal
species before.
You won't see that in a biological weapon.
Thank you for that clarity.
There's been some information going around that people are hoping that warm weather, warmer
weather coming will break down this virus, will halt it.
There's been some information going around that if people get in a hot sauna, that that's
the best place to go because it could kill the virus if you happen to have the virus
or be contaminated with it.
Is that a correct assumption?
You know, it's complete nonsense.
Singapore is still battling the virus.
It's mid-summer in Singapore.
The weather, if you've been there, it can be very oppressive, the heat.
No, it doesn't work that way.
Drinking hot drinks all the time.
One of the scientists in France has said, oh yes, and drink hot water and this and that.
Nah.
You can.
Heat will kill it, but it's going to scald your mouth, okay?
Yes, high temperatures, the virus gets a little looser.
But remember, these things are designed.
The pangolins come from Malaysia.
Malaysia is beastly hot in the summer.
This virus wouldn't get very far by aerosol amongst the pangolins if temperatures really
killed it off that quickly.
So it's a little bit different than taking your mask off and throwing it in a hot dryer
for three minutes, okay?
Or ironing it with a steam iron.
This is an autoclaving.
So environmental temperatures really, now I will say, arctic temperatures do preserve
these things.
Arctic temperatures, nice.
Very, very cold temperatures, facilitate the virus hanging around longer in the air.
Also arctic temperatures, what's happened to the humidity?
It's frozen out on the ground.
Snow.
So it's drier.
I'm going to speed this up.
I can't take it in.
With respect to environmental, very cold weather is ideal for viruses.
Very cold weather.
They can withstand it up to a point.
It's not the best for them, but they can withstand it for a while.
It sounds like an episode of Drunk History that I'm going to leave it.
I like it.
I like that.
We're going to leave it at the regular speed.
So stay outdoors in the sun.
It is.
It's drunk biology.
What you're saying is heat doesn't kill the sun.
I'm sure he's had a bourbon.
The humidity, UV rays, the oxygen-
These are the primary.
Heat will kill it.
You're going to be real careful here.
Heat will kill it, but is it going to have any effect, person-to-person transmission?
Well, no, because you can be in the heat, but you're going to go indoors.
If it's hot out, where are you going to be?
You're going to be in an air-conditioned dehumidified atmosphere.
So no, hot weather is not going to slow it down.
Now, cold weather can increase it because the virus will hang around longer, but hot
weather isn't going to stop it.
Is that clear?
It is.
Thank you.
Is that clear?
Do you understand?
Okay, good.
Can it help a patient to recover more quickly being in that environment, or is it too late
at that point the virus has already set up shop in their body?
Well, the virus has set up shop in the body, but if you had them outdoors, it would reduce
environmental contamination.
Look at the Ebola hospitals in West Africa.
Look how they were constructed.
There was free to circulate.
They were tents, essentially.
They were subject to atmospheric humidity.
There was sunlight everywhere on the outside.
These are the type of hospitals you want for a communicable disease.
Wow, we've got to have hospitals outside, not indoor hospitals.
We need tents.
Wow.
You want it open.
I've got a whole mass of virus here, but if I put it up in the air, it's going to dilute
out.
It's going to get more and more dilute, which means the amount of virus for each area of
breath that I take in has been decreased.
It's diffusing out.
I think there's a lot of value in watching this.
The reason why I think there's a lot of value in watching this is because you really need
to see how bad it was in March of 2020.
Why we were thinking the things that we were thinking and what these people were saying,
because Stephen Hatfield has been on several streams with Robert Malone because he was
on stage with Denny Rancor not even three weeks ago.
That's why we need to watch this.
We need to understand this guy because he is an actual player on the board.
He's repeatedly showed up.
He's repeatedly pushed the narrative.
He's repeatedly interjected when there's no real reason for him to be interjecting, right?
I mean, there's no reason for him to be doing the Tommy podcast with Robert Malone.
There's no reason for him to be in Romania on stage with a bunch of coronavirus dissidents,
including Meryl Nasse, Jill and Robert Malone, Ryan Cole, all these people, Nick Hudson
and Denny Rancor and I don't know who else was in that picture.
I can't remember off the top of my head anymore, but quite a few people we know, Brett Weinstein.
It's really important.
Inside, it's just recirculating around unless your air conditioning says he's not guessing
here.
He's talking with certainty as he tells people to wear an apron as they take care of their
sick children until you get them tested or something like that.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is the worst case scenario, the team worst case scenario.
Everybody who was spreading this narrative in 2020 is part of team worst case scenario,
otherwise you would just be like, I don't know.
This is not, I don't know.
This is detailed.
I know.
I'm sure.
This is detailed.
I'm certain.
This is ha.
It's not, it's not scary for me because I know what's going on.
You can't see it any other way.
I mean, you guess you can, but I would really like it if you didn't.
We can find the medlers if we're willing to look for them.
We can find the people who laid the worst case scenario narrative down for our family
and friends to ingest for the people on TV to imbibe for the people on the TV to repeat
for the people on social media to circulate and for the YouTube to make go viral.
This is a YouTube video that never went and got discredited or censored from March of
2020 onward.
So apparently it's pretty dead on balls accurate, right?
I think it's really important.
Some has these special filters on it and they're very expensive and hospitals do not routinely
filter the HIPAA era that goes in and out because these filters have to be replaced every
few months.
Sounds like we have a lot to learn and in building our hospitals for our communicable
diseases.
Well, we know how to do it.
There's never been the urgency and we're out of time now.
This is going to run its course, so we'll see what happens.
Is it really still safe, do you think, for people in the community to go to the local
coffee shop and have coffee to go to their local restaurant and eat, or should we be
pulling back from those things at this time?
We should be pulling back from those things at this time.
There you go.
I'm sorry.
I like to go out and eat.
I like to go to the movies, but not for a month or so.
And if you're riding mass transit.
I mean, Paul Catrell says 60 days.
And it's just not proud to go to sit there and wipe everything down with an alcohol-based
wipe before you sit down.
Do you ever see the Big Bang Theory?
Sheldon Cooper had his bus pants that he would wear when he rode the bus.
That's not a bad idea this time around.
Remember, we said you should wash your clothing immediately when you come home from work.
Wow.
I mean...
And go take a shower.
So in case the virus is on your hair or on parts of your neck.
Wow.
Yeah.
You only need 500 particles.
I don't know if I've got a one to two percent chance of dying from a virus.
One to two percent chance of dying.
Or getting really sick.
And this virus makes you sick for a couple of weeks.
Makes you sick for a couple of weeks.
You'll live.
But most people live.
Some people don't even know they have it.
But how do I know that rule of the dice is going to affect me that way?
Or how much virus I got into me?
So are they really that silly of precautions?
Well, no.
You weigh what you have to lose with what you have to gain.
And if taking your shoes off when you come into the house is a game, well, you probably
should be doing that.
Yeah.
Agreed.
Things are being addressed.
I think there's five vaccine candidates.
I mean, incredible.
But it takes some time because you can't put a vaccine out there unless the benefit you
get is worth any possible minor side effect.
You can't legally do that.
Or morally.
And it's the testing and certification that takes so much time.
You can only do so much with animal tests or cell culture tests at this stage.
That's the level of our science.
Eventually, you have to go to phase one, two, and three clinical trials.
And this is where it takes the time.
And very often, I'll show you a dengue fever.
It's a really nasty thing, transmitter.
And there's these huge outbreaks every couple of years, 200, 300,000 cases in South America.
So they've been working a long time on a vaccine.
They finally got it out there.
It's undergoing large snow.
And it was really hurting people and they had to stop the trial.
And this was after quite a bit of work on this thing.
So you've got to be sure that this is as safe as possible before you even start your
clinical trials.
And it takes time.
Not making the vaccine.
Not making sure it's safe and that it's effective.
I think your flu shot this year was only about 50% effective.
It's a virus.
Relative risk.
Right.
Now it takes us six months to make a flu vaccine.
Well, that time has been cut down now with new technology.
Oh, he knows that already.
Nice.
But the virus has changed in six months.
They're moving ahead.
I've never, I see a little bit from the sides and I've never seen anything move this quickly.
Wow.
Warp speed, they call it.
The fact our drugs are made overseas, virtually all of them.
That had fallen under the radar.
This is rapidly being addressed and at a breakneck speed.
We'll get through this.
There's no, I'll tell you when it's time to lose your mind, okay?
It's not yet.
It's going to be a little rough.
This virus has a predilection for the older population over 50.
Which I think are youngsters.
But it may take a toll on our older generation.
The kids seem to be doing pretty well.
But they're virus factories and adults in their middle years, most of them will get
over this.
Thank you so much for giving us so many practical steps that we can take.
Each of us in our own homes and with our own families to help to deter the spread of two
cameras.
I hope it's well produced.
We hope that everyone in the background on both cameras and stay well.
Good boca on both cameras nicely backlit from that side and not from that side.
It's a really well produced video for March 2020.
I got to say I'm pretty impressed.
And I got to say that I think it was nothing more than the initiation of the train dance
with lots and lots of people pretending that there was something to stop and that they
were contributing to stopping it by starting a discussion about all this stuff.
I think one of the things that came out of the talk that I did yesterday for the Doctors
for COVID ethics group is that there are lots of doctors that now have come to the
conclusion that arguing about hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin was another piece of this puzzle
because hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin could very well have antibiotic anti-inflammatory
properties that in general make them useful.
And so the usefulness of these drugs which were not being used before the pandemic and
their rollout now has led some doctors to believe that the overall benefits of these
drugs are directly related to their specific application to COVID rather than to secondary
pneumonia rather than to inflammation or respiratory disease.
And it is possible that people who planned this elaborate display were very well aware
of the fact that these two drugs have a wide variety of benefits and that their perceived
usefulness would be very easy to feign.
It would be very easy to get a couple people to advocate for them and make a couple stories
and do a couple things and get people to argue about whether or not a certain trial was fair
and before you know it everybody's taking the drug.
Some people it makes feel better and that for them means that there's definitely a
COVID that means that there's definitely a SARS-CoV-2 that means that it definitely
cured them and it couldn't possibly have been bacterial pneumonia, it couldn't have possibly
been pinworms, it couldn't have possibly been any number of imbalances in your gut flora
that are somewhat helped by ivermectin treatment.
It couldn't be any other thing other than i think i had COVID and then ivermectin cured
it in a day.
Hydroxychloric when prevented me from getting it all these stories are part of the train,
the train stopping exercise where they converted all caused mortality and the excess deaths
that could be imagined to happen here if your brain can see a pattern from 2014 and
see that that pattern was disrupted here and you're not told to subtract all of the things
that actually happened to produce these local mass casualty events, non-spreading local mass
casualty events and that lack of geographic spread is not displayed in this graph then
people can make the argument that look at how many extra people died this year, obviously
we've had a pandemic but it requires them to ignore all of these things.
It required a number of actors to ignore these things, a number of actors which instead stuck
to the TV scenario about a bad cave, zoonosis and that illusion of consensus that the lockdowns
and stuff were necessary, they saved people from this virus and that's the faith, asymptomatic
spread, gain a function, the whole thing and we need to save our children from this faith
because if we don't then they're going to be on this train forever and it's not very
long now, if we don't start to wake up pretty quick, you know, in the next two to three years
there's going to be too many college kids which will have imbibed this, too many post-college kids
who have imbibed it, too many young kids in high school who have imbibed it, we've got to break
this faith right now, we've got to tell the truth about vaccines, we've got to tell the truth
about immunology, we've got to tell the truth about transfection, we've got to tell the truth
about viruses and that may include AIDS and a lot of other stories that we've been told,
I don't know which ones will fall, I don't know which ones will have some biological basis in fact
but we have a lot of work to do and I don't think farewell to virology is the document which does
the work, it's a far cry from that actually but I do agree that this faith is a lie especially
with regard to coronaviruses, I am certain the coronaviruses as in a phenomenon have been exaggerated
coronaviruses as a phenomenon in 2023 have been grossly exaggerated
and why have they done it because they want us, they want our children, they want to invert the
way that our children think about themselves, they want their children to think about themselves
as flawed, not perfect, they want the children to think about themselves as malleable, not flawless,
they want to think about, they want our children to think of themselves as well unnatural or
un-sacred is the right word, sorry, they want our children to
essentially desecrate the temple that is their body
that's what they want, I know that's what they want and so stop all transfections in humans
and I will definitely be here tomorrow
because that's what we do, I don't know if it'll be a long stream tomorrow, you know it's always
like that, hopefully everything's going to be fine, intramuscular injection of any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, transfection in healthy
humans is criminally negligent and viruses are not patterned integrity, I really think it's just
because I yelled a lot at basketball practice last night but I am gonna try and take it easy,
if my voice feels like this tomorrow it's possible that I might come on and not talk
very much or something like that, oh it's messing with my stuff there, hold on let's cut it over
Thanks guys, I'll see you again tomorrow night
Roger that, Toyota Corolla, most popular car ever, for analogies, gotcha, Roger that, good night, omies
I believe it's much more likely that it's a lab leak